.. Trailer Finder documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Jul 16 15:35:42 2024.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Trailer Finder Documentation
============================

Welcome to the documentation for Trailer Finder. This document will guide you through the usage,
installation, configuration, and various modules of the project.

Introduction
------------

Trailer Finder is a Python-based application designed to help you find and manage movie trailers from various sources.
It integrates with popular tools like Radarr and Sonarr, provides translation capabilities, and uses YouTube for trailer fetching.

Installation
------------

To install Trailer Finder, you can use the following steps:

.. code-block:: bash

    # Clone the repository
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/trailer-finder.git

    # Navigate to the project directory
    cd trailer-finder

    # Install dependencies
    pip install -r requirements.txt

Configuration
-------------

Configuration is managed through the `config.yaml` file. Ensure you edit this file to match your environment and preferences.

Usage
-----

To start using Trailer Finder, run the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    python main.py

Modules
-------

Trailer Finder is composed of several modules:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Modules:

   modules/logger
   modules/radarr
   modules/sonarr
   modules/translator
   modules/utils
   modules/youtube_dl
   main

- **logger**: Handles logging functionality throughout the application.
- **radarr**: Integrates with Radarr for movie management.
- **sonarr**: Integrates with Sonarr for TV show management.
- **translator**: Provides translation capabilities for different locales.
- **utils**: Contains utility functions used across the application.
- **youtube_dl**: Fetches trailers from YouTube using youtube-dl.

Troubleshooting
---------------

If you encounter any issues, refer to the following tips:

- Ensure all dependencies are installed by running `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
- Check the configuration file `config.yaml` for any misconfigurations.
- Look at the logs generated by the `logger` module for detailed error messages.

License
-------

Trailer Finder is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
